README.md, before:

Write a README.md that explains your repo. Answer the following in your README.md:
What is this repo all about? A repository is the configuration data for PowerShell Universal is primarily stored within the repository. By default, the repository folder can be found in my github.com profile. GitHub repository is defined as a location in the GitHub platform where the files and codes corresponding to the projects and their respective versions as a part of revision history is stored, managed, and used. One can discuss and manage the entire project’s work inside the repository itself. The repository acts as a platform where one can perform collaborative work amongst the team members and even across cross-functional teams. Repository is also seen to be used for collection of user feedback, software bug reporting, tasks organization. Another interesting feature that is used by GitHub repository is asked and answer questions within the repository and even make announcements about the project. In this article, we will look at the different elements in GitHub repository in depth! 
The repository contains PowerShell scripts and XML files that are produced when using the PowerShell Universal admin console. The repository folder is also watched for changes so any change made on disk will cause the system to reload the file and reconfigure the platform. When using Git integration, the repository folder is what is synchronized with the git remote. 
All configuration cmdlets are part of the Universal module.
Why are you learning these skills?
What fundamental concepts did you learn in Ops 201?
What was your favorite Ops Challenge assignment and why?
How can these examples of shell scripting be applied to the workplace?
What scripts would you continue to improve if you had the time?
What aspect of your shell scripting skillset do you hope to improve next?
Publish it.

# Weather-Application
Using jQuery, this appliaction was made to help users anywhere in the world to be able to look up their weather.  

## Badge: ![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)

## Table of Contents:
  1. [Description](#description)
  2. [Installation](#installation)
  3. [Usage](#usage)
  4. [Credits](#credits)
  5. [License](#license)
  6. [Features](#features)
  7. [Contirbute](#contribute)
  8. [Test](#test)
  9. [Questions](#questions)

## Description:
This application is designed for you to search by city and pull up the current weather well as future weather. 

## Installation:
 jquery, vs code, gitbash

## Usage:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66793863/111888116-ad010100-89a7-11eb-8b12-a501c0de95a3.png)

### 1. Type in the city in the search bar
### 2. click the 🔍 to search and your city and the current weather will be displayed on the right. 


## Website
https://rmcneal40.github.io/Weather-Application/

## Credits:
Made by: Robert McNeal

## Licenses:
1. Your Badge: ![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
2. Your Badge link: <a href = "https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT">License Link</a>
3. Your Badge Readme: <a href = "https://gist.github.com/ckib16/8732561535ed766cd6b8">MIT Guide</a>

## Features:
Rest API, 3 hour increment weather. 

## Contribute:
N/A

## Test:
Test was done using node.js with visual studio code and chrome.

## Questions:
1. Please click the link for Github: <a href = "https://github.com/rmcneal40">My Github Site</a>
2. Please click the link for my Website: <a href = "https://github.com/rmcneal40">My Website</a>
3. Email: mcneal40@yahoo.com

Commit message:

Python has a set of keywords that are reserved words that cannot be used as variable names, function names, or any other identifiers

README.md, after:

# <Title of your application or script>
<What is your scirpt?>

## Badge: ![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)

## Table of Contents:
  1. [Description](#description)
  2. [Installation](#installation)
  3. [Usage](#usage)
  4. [Credits](#credits)
  5. [License](#license)
  6. [Features](#features)
  7. [Contirbute](#contribute)
  8. [Test](#test)
  9. [Questions](#questions)

## Description:
<Breif Description>

## Installation:
 What you will need to install to run the script

## Usage:
<Steps using this application or script>

## Demo picture or video
<If you have a image to show, place it here by dragging and dropping to the image file>

## Website
<Place your website here if you have one.

## Credits:
Made by: <your name>

## Licenses: // leave the badges as is. 
1. Your Badge: ![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
2. Your Badge link: <a href = "https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT">License Link</a>
3. Your Badge Readme: <a href = "https://gist.github.com/ckib16/8732561535ed766cd6b8">MIT Guide</a>

## Features:
<Brief description of your app features>

## Contribute:
<If anyone contibuted, their names go here>

## Test:
<What test it was used to test the script. i.e. Chrome, vscode, etc)

## Questions:
1. Please click the link for Github: <a href = "Github wesite goes here">My Github Site</a>
2. Please click the link for my Website: <a href = "If you have a website, it goes here">My Website</a>
3. Email: <Your E-Mail>
